I was all alone until one day I wasn't.
Oh, I'm like a little asteroid crashing
into a meteor. Oh, hello little asteroid
chunks. I guess that's going to help me
level up. Interesting. Oh, little crabs
on the beach. They look delicious, too.
What would happen if I shot one? I don't
know why this asteroid has guns, but I'm
all for it. Oh, can I drive? Oh, yeah.
We're going to shoot this thing. And I'm
guessing I'm going to get Oh, a little
bit larger and bigger. Ah, there's some
coconut trees. Let's take those out,
too. Good. And eventually, I'm going to
head over to those other islands. But
the problem is, I'm a little bit
allergic to water. So, we don't really
want to drive into there if we don't
have to. Let's get as big as we can.
Eating coconuts and crabs. Sounds like a
nice day at a resort to me. Let's go
ahead and eat that one. Oh, did I miss
him? Come back here, buddy. Crunch. That
was awesome. Oh, hello. I saw a seagull.
I kind of want to shoot down a seagull.
Oh, that's hard. I don't know if I even
can shoot down seagulls. We are going to
try more of that. Maybe when I get a
little bit bigger and upgrade my
weapons.
Let's roll over these. Nice. Take those
out and all of this.
Goodbye. Squish the crabs. Oh, you just
the little fella just waddled out of the
way. What did What is it called when a
crab walks? Crab crab walk. I just
answered my own question. All right, we
have a problem though. That was a last
snack. Ooh, there's a couple more snacks
over here on this island. And I don't
exactly know the best way to get over to
the other one. I'm wondering if we don't
just sprint our way through and try to
jump across the water. Nope, that didn't
work. Oh my goodness, my levels are
destroying. Okay, but I made it. What
are those things? Hello. How are you?
Are we friends? I can't tell if we're
friends. Oh, he used to be
friend-shaped. Oh, okay. We're just
going to eat those concrete barriers.
Heat them up. Nice. Did I make the other
one mad? I can't tell if I did.
But I am getting way bigger and way
stronger now. So, that's cool. We have
that going for us. We'll take out the
cones.
There's one little crab on the beach.
Two little crabs on the beach. I could
barely even see them. And right through
the fence.
That wasn't That wasn't as exciting as I
thought it would be. Okay, we'll take
these down with the gun. I do want to
eat them all up, though. Do I want to go
into the water and eat those? That's the
real question. I don't even know if I'm
getting Oh, I'm using up. I'm not
growing from eating that. Hello.
That was exciting. I blew him up real
big. All right, eat these. Good. Oh,
don't go in the water. Oh, that's I'm
allergic to water.
A giant molten asteroid lump.
Look at the little crab orbiting me.
That was cool. All right, drive over
this. Nice. Okay, I'm going to Every
time I shoot though, it it eats up some
of my energy. So does driving through
here. Ready? We're going to get a good
running start. We're going to speed
through it. We're going to make sure we
get that. Uh-oh. Oh, two, three, four,
five levels down. My goodness. I don't
like that. But I'm glad there's no
soldiers here. Yeah, I'm just going to
drive. No, no, no, no, no. There are
soldiers. There used to be anyway. I
didn't realize he was going to shoot me.
Okay, we're going to Oh, man. I'm only
level eight.
Oh, but that was nice. And I unlocked a
new weapon. What does this do? Oh, it's
a machine gun. Sick.
I like that. Oh, come on. Okay, eating
the concrete does make me bigger and
stronger. So, I'm just going to bounce
around them until they're all
deliciously digested into my organs, if
I have any. I'm going to bounce on these
little barricades. Oh, yeah. Wow, that's
a lot of strength right there. I think
we just got two levels from those. Okay,
we're going to go right over top of them
this way. Good. Uh-oh, he's shooting at
me. Fella wants to shoot me.
No, no, no, no, no. Okay, I'm gonna take
these care of
and then I'm gonna have to figure out
how to get through that fence. I'm kind
of thinking I shoot those little guys
through the little gaps in the fence.
That might be the best option I have.
Definitely don't want them to kill me.
Okay, good. We're level 14. Ready, aim,
fire. That didn't do too well, but I did
blow something up. Aha.
Oh, this gun is way more powerful. Nice.
Took one down. All right, let's try to
bump our way in. Yep. Yep. Yep. Hello.
Surprise. It's me.
Yep. Yep. Yep. No. No. Illegal. Good.
Okay, let's look. That looks really
dangerous up there. Looks like there is
boats swimming around that island. Do
boats swim? They float and drive. And I
just roll over a tree. That was
exciting. I like how the trees just kind
of fall into place, unlike Minecraft
where you can cut down the bottom of it.
I never understood that. Like, real
talk. But all of this concrete makes me
grow so big and strong. Oh my word.
Okay, stay out of the water. That was
excellent. That was perfect. And I'm
starting to get like more gravitational
pull, so things are like getting
absorbed from farther away.
As I say, that is nothing is Oh, see
look that little chart on the beach just
did. Oh, yeah. That was good. That was
good. Now the problem is we're going to
have to run through the ocean again to
the next island. And that is a long way
away. Also, look how small the coconuts
are. Okay, we're going to grab these.
Oh, that was bad decision. That was
really bad decision. I thought I would
grow faster than I would go down. All
right, ready and fly. And jump. And that
was close. That was close. That was
close. Oh, I am shedding so badly. Oh,
hello. It's me. Nice of you to drop by.
Okay, maybe I could just drive over them
without them seeing me. Oh, that worked.
Aha. I see the boat, too. That guy's got
a bigger gun. We have to pay attention
to him. Ow. Okay, he's gone. I got a
better gun now. Uh-oh. Okay, you're
good.
Hello there. What do we have for a
firearm?
Oh, that was nice.
Okay, I successfully took over this
island. I was going to call it a planet,
but we haven't got that far yet.
Actually wondering what happens when we
get to the big one up there. M delicious
chunky snacks.
It's heating up. Oh,
there it goes. There it goes.
I love games like this. Just unwarranted
destruction.
Good. We're level 19. We're actually
smaller than we were when we came from
that island. That's kind of terrifying,
not going to lie. Okay, I'm going to try
to jump as far as we can. Okay, jump
again. Jump again. Jump again. Jump
again. 15 14. Okay. Hello. Hello. Oh,
how are the wife and kids?
Ow. Good. That was tasty.
Nice. Ow. There's a guy on a tractor.
What are you doing?
Is that a battle tractor?
I kind of hope it's a battle tractor. If
so, I want it. I want it. I just want to
drive it.
Corin will have no idea what's coming
for it.
He's just mowing over his friends.
Goodbye, tree. All right, we got one
more dingus here. Good. Nice. Oh, we got
another one. Perfect. All right, let's
eat up all this. Hopefully, we get over
level 20 again.
Oh, I might get that just from these
rocks. Honestly, I did not get it from
the rocks. But there's a lot of other
things here. Kind of want to let the
tractor live. It's adorable.
Plus, he's mowing over his friends,
which is even better. Here's a funny
question. If I get close to it and it
runs over me, does it do damage to
itself?
Oh, he's just trying to run away. Oh,
no. That's too bad. I hate it. Tires.
And I love all the things orbiting
around me. That's amazing. Okay. Does
this grass Oh, the grass does add just a
little bit. We have to mow literally
every bit of stubble off of this rock.
There's so many little pieces of grass.
A lawnmowing robot wasn't doing his job
properly, it looks like. Okay, we'll go
down here. We'll go over here. And
there's like three left. I also feel bad
that we didn't get the boat, but
whatever. We're going to switch to the
shotgun and Oh, come on. All right, this
is a long way away. We're going to get
as rolling as fast as we can.
Going to go to the far side. I just
gathered something else. We're shifting.
Shifting to sprint. I am not sprinting
very fast. Jump, little rock. Gosh, why
do you have to break so quickly? I did
so well. And now I'm down to level 13
again. And there's nobody here on this
desolate island. That's good, though.
Maybe we should explore the other side.
Go away, Rock. Wow, that shotgun is
terrible.
Oh, there is someone here. What are you?
What was he doing?
That little dirt bike. That was awesome.
I just heard zooming sounds. Okay. Do
they have guns? That's the real question
cuz I do. I don't know why an asteroid
from outer space has firearms built into
its core, but whatever. Must be an
American asteroid. Oh, wow. There's
helicopters and junk. No way. What is
this level? All right, we're going to
roll over this. We're going to collect
these little cactus. And it doesn't hurt
when I step on a cactus. I'm just glad
there's no Lego around here. Why are you
shooting at me? Why are you shooting at
me? I've done nothing wrong. No, no, no,
no, no, no. That's illegal.
Ow.
All right, that Look at that range on
that guy. All right, we're going in.
We're going in. Nice shot. I blew up
that guy's head. Okay, that worked. All
right, long shot.
Nice.
Nicer yet. Okay, we got two good ones.
Let's check. Is there anyone else
shooting at me? No. Okay, I'm going to
mow up the rest of this lawn over here.
Oh, yeah, there is someone else shooting
at me. Really, buddy? That was brave.
The brave little toaster.
Still level 15. Are you kidding me? I'm
really starting to wonder what some of
these bigger guns are going to be. Is
that like a mortar shot and then like a
sniper and then like a 50 cal? I don't
really know. But they're going to be
really powerful, aren't they? I've also
decided that I'm not going to shoot the
rocks anymore cuz that eats up way too
much of my energy.
So, I made it back to level 20 and I'm
getting dangerously close to the robots
again. I see them on four-wheelers.
They're driving jeeps. There was a
helicopter floating around. Getting a
little bit scared, honestly. There they
go. They're starting to shoot again. All
right. So, the question is, do I just go
all in and try to attack them? Oh. Okay.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Gosh. Let me eat
this big rock first. All right. We got
to go for the attack mode. Wow. Okay.
That was a green bullet. Oh, that's a
new unlock. Is it? Nope. All right. We
got to take him out. Yes. We got a new
bullet. We got a new bullet. That's a
shotgun. Boom. Oh. Oh, no way.
Okay, it doesn't do anything to him.
We're going to hit back here. cuz this
seems to do way more instant damage. But
that mortar strike was super cool. Oh,
that's not a bad guy. That was a cactus.
I mean, cactuses are bad guys if you
like eat them or something. I don't
know. Would you die? Would you die? Bro,
won't die. There. Die now, bro. Okay,
he's gone. All right. I feel like the
shotgun approach might be better. Yeah,
I'm just going to like speedrun him and
then blast him with a shotgun. Yeah,
that works. Good. All right. All right.
All right. You're gone. You're gone.
Oh, that was exciting. All right, we're
headed back to the other ones. That guy
lost his brain. Would you not do that
right now? Good. We're down to level 17.
Are you kidding me? Oh my word. We're
getting ripped apart. Okay, we got to go
back now. We got to collect all of this
loot so we can level up again. I'm
feeling confident with this. Oh my word.
At that range. Okay, we're going to take
out the solar panels. Oh, this is good
stuff. Electricity levels me well.
Look at everything orbiting me now.
That's great. Okay, we'll drive back
over here. We'll collect this rock.
We'll drive this way. Collect these
rocks. Those aren't rocks. They're solar
panels. Oh, I'm just driving over the
rocks. I thought I was driving over the
rocks. Yes. Okay, sprint mode. Boom.
Nice. I think we're the biggest level
we've ever been. 26. Ooh, we have the
second solar panel field. It's a lot
smaller than the other one, but it still
should give me lots and lots of
particles to level up. Good. And those
little concrete barriers. We're just
crushing them now. That's awesome. Let's
see how how fast we can crush this
building. Oh my word. That was good. I
like it. I like it. All right, let's go
crush this one now. I'm just going to
destroy it. Nice. I accidentally shot. I
was a little too excited.
All right, let's try a concrete wall.
I'm lining it up directly and right over
it. Oh yes, that was satisfying a little
bit at the beginning, but that's okay.
Sometimes I even leave crumbs when I
eat.
Unless it's pizza, then then the whole
thing goes down like in one bite. The
entire pizza just I just Kirby it like
and it's gone. All right, we still have
I see a couple other
vehicles, little robots going over here.
So, I think we need to drive up, take
them out. I've got my shotgun ready. So,
as long as I can get a little bigger.
Level 30 would be awesome. Oh, he's
shooting at me. He's shooting at me.
Wow. At that accuracy, my goodness.
Okay, we're going in. Oh, no. No, no,
no.
Okay, you're gone. Oh, the helicopter's
after me. Whoa. Wa.
All right. No. No. Who's on him? Who's
on the beach? Oh, I didn't even see you,
bro.
They're adorable. I love those. Okay.
Would you not?
Thank you. All right. We need to get
away from the helicopter. I wanted to
get over. Fine.
Okay. We're going to go for this other
guy. He's blasting me with mortars. This
was purple over here. Whatever this was
is purple. Do I get another core? I do.
Beautiful. I think that's a sniper.
Let's zoom in.
No idea what that did, but it's gone.
What? What did I just do?
Do it again. Someone else shooting.
What? Not exactly sure what happened
there, but bro's about to die. Let's
take him out. Oh, that was dirty. All
right, time to collect the rest on this
island and then we'll go for whatever is
over there. I wonder if we can eat that
whole platform. Oh,
snap.
Um,
that's not normal.
That's not the intended.
[Laughter]
I wasn't recording, but
I hit some sort of something and it made
me fly up into space. Ah, balls.
It's what I get for pausing my recording
when something weird happens. Okay, I
made it back and cleared up most
everything. Made it back to level 27.
shot down the helicopter and I'm a
little bit concerned about jumping over
this water. I see I'm not leveling up
too much from rocks anymore either,
which means I need to get some bigger,
tastier snacks. I'm hoping I can eat
that entire structure. It is made out of
concrete. And that seems to be what I
like the best is rocks. And speaking of
the tank, there's the tank. Or that's
the helicopter blades. Look at that.
Yay. Delicious. Never ate a helicopter
before. Wonder if they're crunchy. I
didn't realize I was going to shoot that
down on land, but I'm really glad I did
because that almost gave me an entire
level. Yes, sir. Oh, it did. Beautiful.
All right. Now, we have to make our way
across over there. I'm hoping. Let's
actually check. Is there anything in
there? Uh, if there is, I don't see it.
I'm going to get as much speed as I can
get. Let's eat these really quick. I
need all the help I can get. Here we go.
Sprint mode on. Sprint. Sprint. Sprint.
Sprint. Sprint. I'm not going very fast.
Oh, it's going to hurt. jump. Okay, I
made Oh my word. Look how fast my levels
go down. Are you kidding me?
Why did I even try? Oh my word. Get up
there. I'm down to level 10. No way. Oh,
and there's bad guys in here. Oh, that's
why I needed to actually
Uh-huh. Surprise. It's me. Oh, these
guys don't have guns. I'm sorry. I'm so
sorry. I didn't know you didn't have
guns. Do those guys have guns. They've
got all sorts of cool things. Hello. Oh,
they have guns. They have guns. Abort
mission. Time to destroy all of the
pallets and everything on this side. And
I see these giant concrete barriers that
are going to be absolutely delicious. Oh
yeah, we're getting our levels back very
quickly.
Okay, now the biggest concern is can I
kill all of them before they kill me?
Look at how fast I releveled up. My
goodness. Hello everyone. How is the
wife and kids? They're robots. You can't
have any kids. It's kind of weird like
that, but you know, biology and stuff.
All right, that's pretty good. I mean, I
don't want to touch that barrier yet. I
kind of want to analyze what I have over
there. Maybe I can peek my head through
that hole I made. Just had somebody's
laptop. Bro can't play Minecraft
anymore. All right, here we go. We're
going to fire over these. Ready. Turn.
Oh, really? Uh-huh. You can shoot
through the fence, you jerks.
Hey, did that do well? Did I do good?
Are you proud of me? No way.
Obliterate. Whoops.
Head shot. Finish him.
Destruction.
That's not an actual Oh, there's still
someone alive. I'm so sorry for you. No,
there isn't. That was just the parts
being assimilated into my orb. Yes.
Okay. I'm really concerned about what
those things are because look at the
end. There's a giant enemy or something
over there. Oh, we got fighter jets,
too. What is that?
I need it. Whatever it is. Hello.
Okay.
I I want this
explody juice. These are the different
guns, aren't they? What is it? I don't
know, but it's worth a lot of grow
points. So, we're going to eat everyone.
We have the blue. We have a green. Oh,
that's a sniper. Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm definitely going to clean
everything up in this zone. Oh, I feel
like I'm rolling slowly now.
Oh, I ate the pictures off the walls.
That didn't even give me anything.
Oh,
okay. Fighter jets. Let's switch over to
the next ammo.
Okay,
that sounded cool. It is going to be
impossible to shoot down a fighter jet,
though.
Why does it have to go so fast? Oh, this
is going to suck. I got to go to the
next zone here. But
can I latch on? Oh, you're so quick.
Look at this G forces, bros pulling.
Okay,
I I I'm going to have to send it. We're
just going to have to jump and and cross
our little rocky fingers and hope this
works. We're going full speed from all
the way to the back to all the way to
the front. Come on, little buddy. Come
on,
go.
Okay. 24 3 2 1 20 19 18 17 6 15 14 13 12
11 10 9 Oh my goodness.
We just lost like 20 levels.
Why? Why are there so many things here?
Nope. Nope. Nope. Okay, level nine. Lock
in. Lock in. Shoot. All right, I got to
take out these other things on the
beach. Thankfully, these should be
really good.
Come on. Oh, lock it in. Got it. Got it.
Oh, I hit it. Okay, we just have to keep
moving. I got to keep moving. I got to
get as much rocks and junk as I can to
level up as quickly as I can.
Fine. Be that way then.
Hi. Goodbye. Who's next? Who's next?
You.
Come on. Yes. Helicopter down.
Helicopter down. Number two. We're down
to level 10. Why are you alive? You're
not supposed to be. This is intense, my
friends.
Took him down. Helicopter just crashed
right in front of me. Fighter jets.
Ready. Oh, that was close. Close, but no
cigar.
That's old saying that people used to
say when cigars were actually popular if
you didn't know that. Oh my word.
I'm level nine. Okay, take him out. I
just want to actually take out all the
bad guys first. There's somebody
literally right on my tail here. What
are you doing? Whoa, that's way bigger
than I thought it was going to be. I'm
down to level five. That's a straight up
tank. Use the bigger guns.
I got to go back to the beach. I got to
go back to the beach. I'm only level
four now.
Helicopter down. Oh, good.
Okay, we're level three.
No.
Why did I have to lose like literally 20
levels?
Okay, level four.
Good. Blow up the rock.
That rock is insane though. No.
Hey, there we go. We got two levels
back. My heart is racing.
Okay, you're good.
All right.
I think these fighter jets are really
what's throwing me off. I don't even
think they're shooting me. What is
shooting me?
I the forces that they're going through
to make those turns.
Okay. Thankfully, the rob rubber lock
rubber lock is very delicious for my
size. Who's here? Who's here? Seriously,
who's attack you. Little motorcycle,
bro.
Back to level 10.
I can't even destroy those.
Okay, Robin Lock is back. Let's go
attack this guy. Shoot, man.
All right. Be that way.
You
nice.
All right. You next. I'm going to see if
I can Oh,
I think you just bombed me. Someone did.
Level 12. Sick. Hello. Goodbye. Really
got it.
Okay, I'm going to try the sniper. Yeah,
right. Did that eat up three levels? I
think it did.
There's the Oh, the volcano. Hold up.
Hold up.
If I make it to the volcano, is that
like a win scenario? I didn't realize
that was a volcano. I thought it was
like a boss. Okay, we got to be sneaky
about this.
Got to be sneaky.
Okay, I see.
Really?
Three shots?
Okay,
there's a tank. Tank tank alert.
Got it.
Something very scary about these jets
flying over constantly.
I'm going to try to sneak my way over to
the volcano, then dip my little toes
into it. Really?
I'm not doing a very good job sneaking.
Okay, get up there. Get up there. No.
In we go. In we go.
I made it in. Rubble eats the world.
Demo completed, my friends. That was
fun. I hope you enjoyed that one. If you
did, you have to let me know down below
in the comments. Go ahead and check out
the demo on Steam and keep your stick on
the ice. We'll catch you next time.
[Music]